### 1. Learn MarkDown and show all of basic usage in the ShortQuestions/README.md

Please see the README.md

### 2. Practice git using the platform. list the git commands you learned

git commit: save changes 

git branch: creat a new branch.

git checkout : change branches

git merge : merge branches

git rebase : merge branches

git checkout main^ : move head to parent commit of branch main

git checkout main ~3: move head to third parent commit of branch main

git checkout -f main head^ : force main branch move to traget node

git clone:clone a repository to local machine

git fetch : downloads changes from a remote repository and updates the local copy of the repository

git pull : fetch and merge changes

git push : upload the changes made in a local repository to a remote repository


### 3. What is the basic steps to init a git repo in you local ?

git init

git status

git add .

git commit -m "message"

git push orgin fecture-branch

### 4. How to clone a repo from Github ?

1, On the git page, find `code` button, copy the link

2, command: git clone `<link>`

### 5. How to create a new branch and checkout to that branch ?

command: git checkout -b `<branch name>`

### 6. How to merge the branch_test to master branch in command ? show me the commands

1, git checkout master

2, git merge branch_test

### 7. How to stash your new code before leaving branch branch_learn_stash and pop your stash when you checkout back to **branch_learn_stash ? try commands way and intellij way.

command way:

1,git stash save 

2,git checkout `<branch name>` 

3,git checkout branch_learn_stash

4,git stash pop

Intellij way:

1, stash

+ Open "View" > "Tool Windows" > "Version Control" from the main menu.

+ Right-click on the changes that you want to stash, and select "Git" > "Stash Changes" from the context menu.

+ Enter a message for your stash, and click "OK" to stash your changes.

2, pop

+ Back to "branch_learn_stash"

+ right-click on the "Stashes" item in the "Version Control" tool window, and select "Pop Stash" from the context menu.

+ Select the stash that you want to pop, and click "OK" to apply the changes back to your branch.

### 8. How do you understand PR is based on Branch?

Pull Request is used in Git-based version control systems to propose merging changes into the main branch. PRs are typically based on branches, allowing developers to work on separate features without affecting the main codebase. Creating a PR based on a branch helps ensure that changes are isolated, tested, and reviewed before being merged into the main codebase.

### 9. What is maven role ? what it be used to do ?

The essence of Maven is a project management tool that abstracts the project development and management process into a project object model (POM). It is easy to download add and remove the dependencies/libraries.
It is be used to automate the building, testing, packaging, and management of Java-based projects.


### 10. What is the lifecycle of maven? could you tell me the details ?

clean: remove all files generated by the previous build, preparing the project for a fresh build.

validate: validate the project configuration, ensuring that all necessary information is available to perform the build.

compile: compile the source code of the project, generating the output files (usually .class files).

test: execute the tests of the project using a testing framework, such as JUnit or TestNG.

package: package the compiled code and resources into a distributable format, such as a JAR, WAR, or EAR file.

verify: perform any checks or tests that need to be run after the package has been created, such as integration tests or code quality checks.

install: install the package into the local Maven repository, making it available for other projects on the same machine to use.

site: generate project documentation, such as reports and metrics, and deploys it to a web server.

deploy: deploy the package to a remote repository or server, making it available for other developers or users to download and use.

### 11. what is the difference between package and install in maven lifecycle ?

The `package` phase packages the compiled code and resources into a distributable format, such as a JAR, WAR, or EAR file. It is stored in the target directory of the project.

The `install` phase installs the package into the local Maven repository, making it available for other projects on the same machine to use.

### 12. What is plugins in maven, list some plugins.

Plugins are used to extend or modify the build process. They provide additional functionality and allow developers to customize the build process as per their needs.

For examples:

Compiler Plugin: used to compile Java source code.

Surefire Plugin: used to run unit tests.

Maven-JAR-Plugin: used to package Java source code in a JAR format.

Maven-Assembly-Plugin: used to create a distribution package for the application.

Maven-Deploy-Plugin: used to deploy the built package to a remote repository.

Maven-Release-Plugin: used to automate the release process of an application.

### 13. In chuwa0403, create a MavenProject directory, then create a maven Module using Intellij, named it as belows:

1. groupID: com.chuwa.learn
2. artifactID: java-core

See chuwa0403/MavenProject/MavenModule

### 14. Do Code Review: Go over at least 3 PRs in your repo, tried to leave some useful or useful comments in other students' PR, please don't merge it.

Done.


