# 1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotations.md
## annotations.md
# 2.  What is the authentication?
## Authentication is how we verify the identity of who is trying to access a particular resource. A common way to authenticate users is by requiring the user to enter a username and password. Once authentication is performed we know the identity and can perform authorization.
# 3.  What is the authorization?
## authorization determines what we can access.
# 4.  What is the difference between authentication and authorization?
## Authentication verifies the identity of a user or service, and authorization determines their access rights. Although the two terms sound alike, they play separate but equally essential roles in securing applications and data. Understanding the difference is crucial. Combined, they determine the security of a system.
# 5.  What is HTTP Session?
## HTTP sessions is an industry standard feature that allows Web servers to maintain user identity and to store user-specific data during multiple request/response interactions between a client application and a Web application.
# 6.  What is Cookie?
## cookie is small packet of information maintained by website at client system. Memory allocation for cookie will be done at client system. all cookies of website are transmitted between client and server along with request and response in the form of cookies collection
# 7.  What is the difference between Session and Cookie?
## The key difference between sessions and cookies is that sessions are saved on the server side while cookies are saved on the client side. Cookies are small text files used to store user information on the user's computer. Sessions are used to store user information on the user's server side.
# 8.  How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the application?
## Cookies often store your settings for a website. When you return to the site, the browser sends back the cookies that belong to the site. This allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs.
# 9.  What is JWT?
## JSON Web Token is an open industry standard used to share information between two entities, usually a client (like your app's frontend) and a server (your app's backend). They contain JSON objects which have the information that needs to be shared.
# 10. What is the spring security filter?
## Spring security is a filter based framework, it plants a WALL(HttpFireWall) before your application in terms of proxy filters or spring managed beans. Your request has to pass through multiple filters to reach your API.
# 11. describe how do JWT work
## 1) username and password send to server
## 2) server validates the username and password, and generate a JWT
## 3) return the JWT to client
## 4) client save the JWT
## 5) JWT send to server in the HTTP header
## 6) server validated the JWT
## 7) return to client
# 12. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?
## Spring Security provides password encoding feature using the PasswordEncoder interface. It’s a one way transformation, means you can only encode the password, but there is no way to decode the password back to the plaintext form. The standard use of this feature is to compare the user-provided password at the time of authentication (encoding the user password). In this article we are using the BCryptPasswordEncoder implementation for the password encoding in spring security.
# 13. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?
## the UserDetailsService interface is used to retrieve user-related data. It has one method named loadUserByUsername() which can be overridden to customize the process of finding the user. It is used by the DaoAuthenticationProvider to load details about the user during authentication.
## An AuthenticationProvider is an abstraction for fetching user information from a specific repository (like a database, LDAP, custom third party source, etc. ). It uses the fetched user information to validate the supplied credentials.
## authenticationManager is a static class that manages the authentication modules that an application uses. When a request is made to protected resources, the AuthenticationManager calls the Authenticate method to get an Authorization instance to use in subsequent requests.
## A Filter that performs authentication of a particular request.
# 14. What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?
## Performance overhead in case of large volume of user. 
# 15. how to get value from application.properties?
## You can use the @Value annotation and access the property in whichever Spring bean you're using
# 16. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?
## A HttpSecurity is similar to Spring Security's XML <http> element in the namespace configuration. It allows configuring web based security for specific http requests. By default it will be applied to all requests, but can be restricted using #requestMatcher(RequestMatcher) or other similar methods.
## Provides a convenient base class for creating a WebSecurityConfigurer instance. The implementation allows customization by overriding methods.
# 17. What is Spring security authentication and authorization?
## Spring Security is a bunch of servlet filters that help you add authentication and authorization to your web application. It also integrates well with frameworks like Spring Web MVC (or Spring Boot), as well as with standards like OAuth2 or SAML.
# 18. Assuming that the Redbook UI supports dark mode and multiple languages, when a user signs in, their preferences (such as dark-mode=true and lang=eng)will be read from the database. For the assignment, you can set a value like in the course materials; there is no need to actually read from a database. After signing in, observe the response header and cookie for related information. Continue calling other APIs and observe the request header or cookie for other information. After signing in, Spring Security will generate a session, and the JSESSIONID will be in the cookie. Try to obtain the session content through the JSESSIONID, and then log the session content using the log4j tool. Write the code based on the 08_04 branch.
## 