# 1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotations.md
## annotations.md
# 2.  Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-interview-questions
## 
# 3.  What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
## Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) is a programming paradigm which complements Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) by separating concerns of a software application to improve modularization. The separation of concerns (SoC) aims for making a software easier to maintain by grouping features and behavior into manageable parts which all have a specific purpose and business to take care of.
# 4.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
## advantages
- Plug and play like
- Its implemented in pure Java
- It uses Spring’s IOC for dependency injection
- As any other AOP framework, it weaves cross cutting concerns into the classes, without making a call to the cross cutting concerns from those classes.
- Centralize or modularize the cross cutting concerns
- Provision to create aspects using schema based (XML configuration) or @AspectJ annotation based style.
- Easy to configure
## disadvantages
- Difficult to debug the AOP based application code.
- Since it uses proxy based AOP, only method level advising is supported, doesn’t support field level interception
- Only methods with public visibility will be advised
- Runtime overhead, but its negligible
- Aspects cannot advise other Aspects - Not possible to have aspects to be the target of advice from other aspects.
- Local or internal method calls within an advised class doesn’t get intercepted by proxy, so advise method of the aspect does not get fired/invoked
- Is not for advising fine-grained objects (domain objects like pojo), it is best suitable for coarse grained objects (Service ...) due to performance.
# 5.  What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
## Aspect: An aspect is a class that implements enterprise application concerns that cut across multiple classes, such as transaction management. Aspects can be a normal class configured through Spring XML configuration or we can use Spring AspectJ integration to define a class as Aspect using @Aspect annotation.
# 6.  What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
## Pointcut is expressions that are matched with join points to determine whether advice needs to be executed or not. Pointcut uses different kinds of expressions that are matched with the join points and Spring framework uses the AspectJ pointcut expression language.
# 7.  What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
## A join point is a specific point in the application such as method execution, exception handling, changing object variable values, etc. In Spring AOP a join point is always the execution of a method.
# 8.  What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
- Before advice: Advice code to be executes before to joint point
- After returning advice: Advice code to be executed after a join point completes normally.
- After throwing advice: Advice to be executed if a method exits by throwing an exception.
- After advice: Advice to be executed regardless of the means by which a join point exits (normal or exceptional return).
- Around advice: Advice that surrounds a join point such as a method invocation. This is the most powerful kind of advice. Around advice can perform custom behavior before and after the method invocation. It is also responsible for choosing whether to proceed to the join point or to shortcut the advised method execution by returning its own return value or throwing an exception.
# 9.  Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview
## 
# 10. When to use Spring Batch?
## You can use Spring Batch in both simple use cases (such as reading a file into a database or running a stored procedure) and complex, high volume use cases (such as moving high volumes of data between databases, transforming it, and so on).
# 11. How Spring Batch works?
## The spring boot batch chunk aids in the configuration of the execution. Spring Boot Batch includes reusable functions such as logging/tracing, transaction management, job processing statistics, job restart, skip, and resource management that are necessary when processing large volumes of records.
# 12. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
## @Scheduled annotation
# 13. What is the cron expression?
## A cron expression is a string consisting of six or seven subexpressions (fields) that describe individual details of the schedule.
# 14. What is the spring task?
## Spring task scheduling for a task/job is a time based scheduled process which runs automatically as per the configuration supplied. Once scheduling is enabled in application, a scheduled task can execute automatically in Spring application.
# 15. When to use Spring task?
## When task scheduling is needed. The @EnableScheduling annotation is used to enable the scheduler for your application.
# 16. What is Filter and any filter example?
## A filter is an object used to intercept the HTTP requests and responses of your application.
```
@WebFilter(urlPatterns = "/*", filterName = "myFilter")
public class MyFilter implements Filter {
    @Override
    public void init(FilterConfig filterConfig) throws ServletException {
        Filter.super.init(filterConfig);
    }
    @Override
    public void doFilter(ServletRequest request, ServletResponse response, FilterChain chain) throws IOException, ServletException {
        long start = System.currentTimeMillis();
        chain.doFilter(request,response);
        System.out.println("Execute cost="+(System.currentTimeMillis()-start));
    }
    @Override
    public void destroy() {
        Filter.super.destroy();
    }
}
```
# 17. What is the Interceptor? What we can do with interceptor?
## You can use the Interceptor in Spring Boot to perform operations under the following situations: before sending the request to the controller and before sending the response to the client. For example, you can use an interceptor to add the request header before sending the request to the controller and add the response header before sending the response to the client.
# 18. In Interceptor, What is preHandle? What is postHandle?
## preHandle() method − This is used to perform operations before sending the request to the controller. This method should return true to return the response to the client.
## postHandle() method − This is used to perform operations before sending the response to the client.
# 19. What is Swagger?
## Swagger is an open source project used to generate the REST API documents for RESTful web services. It provides a user interface to access our RESTful web services via the web browser.