# 1.  List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md
## annotations.md
# 2.  what is selenium(YouTube)?
## Selenium is an open-source tool that automates web browsers. It is for automating web applications for testing purposes. 
# 3.  what is cucumber(youtuebe)?
## Cucumber testing is a software testing process that deals with an application's behavior. It tests applications as a behavior-driven development (BDD) style. Cucumber tests are written in a simple, natural language that anyone can understand, even people who are not technical experts.
# 4.  what is JMeter(youtube)?
## Meter is an open source Java application designed to load test functional behavior and gauge software performance. Originally designed for testing web apps, it has since expanded to include other test-related functions.
# 5.  what is unit-test?
## Unit Testing is the process of checking small pieces of code to deliver information early and often, speeding your testing strategies, and reducing wasted space. 
# 6.  What is the lifecycle of Junit?
## A lifecycle method is any method that is annotated with @BeforeAll, @AfterAll, @BeforeEach or @AfterEach annotation. The lifecycle methods execute before or after executing the actual test methods.
- Setup: This phase puts the the test infrastructure in place. JUnit provides class level setup (@BeforeAll) and method level setup (@BeforeEach). Generally, heavy objects like databse comnections are created in class level setup while lightweight objects like test objects are reset in the method level setup.
- Test Execution: In this phase, the test execution and assertion happen. The execution result will signify a success or failure.
- Cleanup: This phase is used to cleanup the test infrastructure setup in the first phase. Just like setup, teardown also happen at class level (@AfterAll) and method level (@AfterEach).
# 7. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?
## @BeforeAll methods must have a void return type, must not be private , and must be static by default. Consequently, @BeforeAll methods are not supported in @Nested test classes or as interface default methods unless the test class is annotated with @TestInstance(Lifecycle).
# 8.  What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?
## Mockito is a mocking framework, JAVA-based library that is used for effective unit testing of JAVA applications. Mockito is used to mock interfaces so that a dummy functionality can be added to a mock interface that can be used in unit testing. This tutorial should help you learn how to create unit tests with Mockito as well as how to use its APIs in a simple and intuitive way.
## It can not mock static methods. Classes, constructors and private methods can not be mocked.
# 9.  What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?
## The @Mock Annotation is used to mock the objects that assist in minimizing the repeated mock objects. @Mock makes the test code and verification error convenient to read as the parameter names are used to identify the mocks. @Mock Annotation is available in the org. mockito package.
## @InjectMocks is the Mockito Annotation. It allows you to mark a field on which an injection is to be performed. 
## @Mock creates a mock. @InjectMocks creates an instance of the class and injects the mocks that are created with the @Mock (or @Spy) annotations into this instance.
# 10. What is the stubbing?
## A stub method is a method that just returns a simple but valid result. They are typically made when building the infrastructure and you don't want to spend time on every method needed right now. Instead you create stubs so everything compiles and your IDE's auto-complete knows about the methods you are planning to use.
# 11. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers
## Argument matchers are mainly used for performing flexible verification and stubbing in Mockito. It extends ArgumentMatchers class to access all the matcher functions. Mockito uses equal() as a legacy method for verification and matching of argument values.
# 12. what is Hamcrest Matchers
## Hamcrest is a framework for writing matcher objects allowing 'match' rules to be defined declaratively. There are a number of situations where matchers are invaluable, such as UI validation or data filtering, but it is in the area of writing flexible tests that matchers are most commonly used.
# 13. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?
## The @Spy annotation is used to create a real object and spy on that real object. A spy helps to call all the normal methods of the object while still tracking every interaction, just as we would with a mock.
## Mocks are used to create fully mock or dummy objects. It is mainly used in large test suites. Spies are used for creating partial or half mock objects.
# 14. briefly reading this articles
## 
# 15. Add unit test for CommentServiceImpl, the coverage should be 100%.
## 