# 1. hwcollection.java
##
# 2. What is the checked exception and unchecked exception in Java, could you give one example?
## In Java, exceptions under Error and RuntimeException classes are unchecked exceptions, everything else under throwable is checked. IOException is a checked exception. NullPointerException is a unchecked exception.
# 3. Can there be multiple finally blocks?
## No, multiple finally blocks is not allowed. 
# 4. When both catch and finally return values, what will be the final result ?
## When catch and finally block both return value, method will ultimately return value returned by finally block irrespective of value returned by catch block.
# 5. What is Runtime/unchecked exception ? what is Compile/Checked Exception ?
## Runtime/unchecked exception is exception under Error and RuntimeException. Compile/Checked Exception represent errors outside the control of the program.
# 6. What is the difference between throw and throws ?
## The throw and throws is the concept of exception handling where the throw keyword throw the exception explicitly from a method or a block of code whereas the throws keyword is used in signature of the method. Throw is used in the method, throws is used with the method signature. 
# 7. Run the below three pieces codes, Noticed the printed exceptions. why do we put the Null/Runtime exception before Exception?
## not sure 
# 8.Why finally always be executed ?
## The finally block always executes when the try block exits. This ensures that the finally block is executed even if an unexpected exception occurs.
# 9. What are the types of design patterns in Java?
## Design patterns are very popular among software developers. A design pattern is a well-described solution to a common software problem. Java design patterns are divided into three categories - creational, structural, and behavioral design patterns.
# 10. What are the SOLID Principles?
## The SOLID Principles are five principles of Object-Oriented class design.
### -Single Responsibility Principle
### -Open-Closed Principle
### -Liskov Substitution Principle
### -Interface Segregation Principle
### -Dependency Inversion Principle
# 11. How can you achieve thread-safe singleton patterns in Java?
## By using synchronization when creating the class.
# 12. What do you understand by the Open-Closed Principle (OCP)?
## Open/closed in java means that objects should be able to extend a class behavior without modifying it. So that developer can apply minimal changes to the code and help to achieve a stable code. In java, open/close is achieved by using inheritance and polymorphism.
# 13. What do you understand by the Liskov Substitution Principle?
## Liskov substitution defines that a derived class must be substitutable for the base class. Derived class should not do less that the base class. This is achieved by using inheritance.
# 14. Liskov's substitution principle states that if class B is a subtype of class A, then object of type A may be substituted with any object of type B. What does this actually mean? (from OA ) choose your answer.
## 1 and 3 are both correct.
# 15.
## hwSingleton.java hwfactory.java hwbuilder.java hwpublisher.java
# 16.